Value Sensitive Design Assignment #2 (submit with your final project)
[General]
1. Briefly describe the website you are building (its purpose/functionality/etc.)


GoFresh is an online grocery shopping website, which aims to provide consumers fresh fruits and vegetables online purchase and delivery service and focus on freshness and convenience. Our website supports both seller and consumer for both posting products and purchasing products. It also includes the review functionality for our consumers to understand more about the products provided on the website and their better decision-making. After making an order, the products will be delivered to the consumer’s address and the transaction will be completed.


2. What problem is your website meant to solve? (If your website wasn’t intended to solve a problem, instead answer the following: what problem or problems could a website like yours solve?)


For the customers, grocery shopping can be repetitive and online grocery shopping will save customers time and transportation since everything will be delivered by their door. 
For sellers, storage management would be a pain point for every grocery seller. With the helper our GoFresh, the fresh products go directly from the seller to the consumer, which saves the time, money, and perishable loss during the intermediary storage. 


3. Identify the stakeholders (direct and indirect) whose interests are relevant to your website.


Direct stakeholders: GoFresh website development engineers, sellers, consumers, delivery service provider, local physical grocery stores (such as COSTCO, Walmart, Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, H-mart, Ranch 99, and etc), online grocery website (such as Amazon).
Indirect stakeholders: Neighbors of the seller, neighbors of the consumers, worker community/union, entertainment website/company since people save time from grocery shopping and they would have more time for entertaining, internet maintaining service companies to ensure the website is functional.


4. What values are at stake for these stakeholders?


Direct stakeholders: engineers value the functionalities and return of the website; consumers and sellers value the convenience and quality of the service and the trusts built by the website for their long-term relationship with our website. In the meantime, they might also want to try new products from different seller or changing their diet every now and then, instead of following a specific shopping pattern all the time. The local and online competitors of our website care most about the financial value they loss from the creation of our website. 


Indirect stakeholders value the potential profits created by the website and our service.


5. Is your website likely to undermine or compromise any of these values? Which ones, for which stakeholders, and how?
Our website may undermine the consumers’ intention of changing a diet or trying something new since we will try to predict their shopping pattern to provide convenience during their online shopping. 


6. Which values does your website promote, for which stakeholders, and how?


Building trust to create a long-term relationship with our consumers and sellers, and even building a smart and convenient grocery shopping community. We promote convenience the most. 


7. What counts as “success” for the website you are building? Given the relevant problem(s), stakeholders, and values that are at play, why is this account of success reasonable?
Make profits from the website and maintain a good consumer return rate. People would like to use our website service in along term.
Convenience for the consumers to find the product they need and deliver to their home.
Care for the consumers since we care about their purchasing experience and how they would review the products. 
Personalization for the consumers since we will analyze their purchasing pattern to build a smart environment for them to easily find what they want for time-saving purposes. 
The most important pain point/ problem we want to solve is to create a convenient online grocery shopping experience for our consumers. With the personalized care with what their feedback and purchasing pattern, we can create an online shopping experience that saves consumers’ time and money. Thus, those account of success are reasonable. 




8. How does the broader social context surrounding your website affect the likelihood it will succeed?


During the Covid-19 period and due to the carbon dioxide emissions, online grocery shopping is the ultimate trend. With the widespread of the internet and technology, our consumers base is enormous. Therefore, we would achieve our success of making profits and also have a large group of loyal customers with our website service. 


[Privacy]
9. What user data will you have access to, and what might this data reveal about its subjects?


•        login information such like your email address, and password;
•        Identifying information such like name, address, and phone numbers for delivery purposes;
•        Payment information;
•        Content of reviews of our products and website for our website;
•        Order history information;
Those data would reveal the basic personal information about who and where they are. From their order history, it reveals how much a consumer likes a product and the purchasing pattern for the consumers. 




10. What values are relevant to your website’s privacy policy? (Note that the relevant values will depend in part on the kind of website you are building).


Convenience for the consumers to find the product they need and like.
Care for the consumers since we care about their purchasing experience and how they would review the products. 
Personalization for the consumers since we will analyze their purchasing pattern to build a smart environment for them to easily find what they want for time-saving purposes. 






11. Describe how you took the relevant values into account in writing your privacy policy (e.g. what decisions and tradeoffs were made, and why).
We try to make profits by continuously improving our website service. Therefore, in the Privacy Policy we collect their personal information to make our grocery shopping transactions proceed and completed successfully and smoothly. We record the data to avoid consumer to enter their personal information in the shipping page repetitively.


We also take our values of care and personalization into account in your privacy policy. By collecting the order history information, we will create the personalized recommendation for each individual customer. We would like to provide as much convenience for each individual customer in his/her own way. The tradeoffs are, when the consumer would like to change to a healthy lifestyle, due to our personalized recommendation, we might remain the old diet product recommendations to the consumer for a short amount of time until the shopping pattern changed. 


[Autonomy]
12. In what ways might your user interface “nudge” users? Analyze a minimum of 3 features.
* We have not implemented the function to deactivate a user’s account on their own. If a user would like to cancel their account, he/she would need to contact with our developers.  
* During the canceling account process, we will add in a “crying avocado” picture on the page. The user might feel guilty if they still choose to cancel their account. 
* After we analyze the shopping pattern for our consumers, we will provide personalized recommendation and display what they buy most often. People tend to easily buy they stuff they used to buy without thinking too much whether it is necessary or not, especially when they want to change their diet. This feature would bring more profits for our website since consumers tend to buy more than they expected. 




13. Do any of these constitute “dark patterns”? For each previously identified feature, explain why it does or does not.
* User needs to contact our engineer to cancel their account: It may be a Roach hotel, which is easy to get in, hard to get out. But with operation in the backend, it would be easy for our developer to delete an account. The user just needs to take an extra step to cancel their account. 
*  “Crying avocado” picture on the page is a confirm-shaming. The user might feel guilty if they still choose to cancel their account. But they can still choose to cancel their account with no financial impact on both parties.
* Personalized recommendation could be another dark pattern. Our website aims to make the online shopping experience easier for our user when the user does not change their diet or habit. Only when people are changing their diet, they might be affected by the recommendation, they can, however, still make their own decision on what to purchase, afterwards the shopping pattern would change accordingly. In the long run, it will benefit the user eventually.